---
layout: post
title:  "Incomplete Books"
date:   2019-11-01 16:00:00 -0400
categories: update
---

‌When we go to the bookstore to buy or rent a book we assume that we get a complete book. A book that has a set start, build-up, climax, and set end. Even though identification of these parts may be impossible as with House of Leaves, there is some expectations that the book that you're purchasing is complete, set in stone. This expectation is easily destroyed when we consider digital narratives. The books that we studied in this unit are inherently incomplete. The most clearcut example of this incompleteness is 'With those we love alive', the story literally has blanks that the reader fills in to complete the story and illustrations that the reader needs to draw on their own body. Agrippa is a bit more nuanced, the book is not just a physical book but also temporal book. The book starts with an unopened sealed book once opened it then slowly and uncontrollably moves towards the end as it gets read. The book ends once it has erased itself, so at any particular point in time the physical book Agrippa at best has either the start or the end of the book but never both, making it complete yet always incomplete. Her Story on quite the diametrically opposite fashion gives you the start, the middle, and the end at the same time. Only a search away. While that is the case, any single approach to reading Her Story will inevitably leave you with a missing part. If you attempt to read it via exploring around by searching terms you'll fall into the database v/s narrative trap. Finding only the data while missing a cohesive, easy to understand narrative. On the other hand if you try to hack your way into the game and see all the videos, it would give you a very clear narrative but you'll be completely missing the secondary layer of he game that is expressed through the glare feature. As such, the game is designed to only give an incomplete experience.